one of my daughters came home from
school and she was just ready for a
fight it was like whatever I said she
was hearing this criticism whatever you
know I would do I'm like here give me a
hug oh you're trying to control me it
was like anything was just like ready
for a fight and we' realize like oh they
just like need this emotional release so
like something overwhelmed them and we
would say okay and then we would draw
some boundary no I'm not going to stop
telling you that we got to do the dishes
and then I have this big meltdown they
yell scream M and then they would be
back in connection and they'd be like oh
actually what happened at school today I
got made fun of someone called me like
the redheaded Goose or whatever and blah
blah blah and I remember hanging out
with Tara one day and I just noticed
everything I said she contradicted and
it was like more subtle obviously than
like an eight-year-old but it was like
everything I said I was like oh yeah I
this thing well why did you do it that
way that doesn't seem like and then I
why did you do it was just like one
criticism after another which is very
unlike Tara and I would even like I even
tested it I was like oh I'm gonna
contradict myself and I'm gonna agree
with her and I did I agreed with her and
then she was like no why would you ever
do that and and so I was like oh this is
the same thing she has this big pent up
emotional experience that she needs to
get out and this is the safe place she
knows that if she's going to be angry
here she's still going to get loved like
I'm still going to be here for her the
next day this is the safe place to have
that emotional release and then I I
started realizing one day like I was
doing the same thing I came home and I
had a shitty day and I was like I'm
contradicting everything Tera says I'm
like I'm looking for that fight and I
think almost all of us have been there
with somebody where we're like oh this
is like there like there I'm not getting
out of this fight like oh [__] here it
comes there's like no way for me to get
out of the fight so what what's
happening there is really important
because what's happening is that we have
this big emotional experience and we are
looking for a way to get it out and
we're going for the safe place like some
people use sports for that for instance
I'm going to go watch my sports team so
I can get this big emotion out similarly
some people will do that in in a
relationship not everybody but some
people will do in the relationship and
it sounds like that's what's happening
in your relationship so the important
thing is to realize oh I'm not feeling
internally connected with myself and I
am starting a fight to do
that or they are oh they're they're not
feeling connected and so instead of
going to let's have a fight go to what
do we need to be connected because a
fight can be very corrosive when it's
like that because it's not about the
other person so now I'm yelling at you
but it's really not about you at all
like that like how that that can't be
good the fight isn't about the thing
that's in the relationship it's about
the fact that your boss yelled at you or
something like that and so to be able to
start recognizing oh this feeling this
sensation this sematic experience that
I'm having right now that's how I feel
when I'm looking for a fight and what do
I really need what do I really need a
cuddle do I really need to go into
another room and just [__] yell for a
while and then come back you don't have
to yell at anybody to get the emotional
release right that's the weird thing
about Humanity I mean I remember this
moment of like somebody's like oh anger
is good and I'm like how can anger be
good I'm like every time I get angry
somebody gets hurt and they're like well
why are you getting angry at anybody
right like like somehow or another our
mind is like we have to repress our
anger or we have to get angry at
somebody instead of like just go into a
room and get angry and I highly
recommend in a like if you see a fight
where this is happening say hey let's
just go and yell in other rooms and then
come back together so that you don't
have to actually have this like false
emotional Outlet at somebody to discover
what the real thing is happening for you
instead just go and have the emotional
Outlet without hurting each other get
the yelling get the crying get whatever
needs to happen that's
not at each other and then come back and
then have the discussion whatever that
discussion is and it works wonders it's
such an easy thing to do say oh it looks
like we want to get in a fight let's
just go yell and then we'll come back
it's just a simple thing and then you're
not getting you're not taking your
emotion out on somebody else you're just
getting your emotions out and then
you're solving the problem
[Music]